In this section, we have seen several demos.
We have seen Mazen show us how he would read an image in a diagnostic setting.
We saw a demo of an OHIF Viewer.
This is a zero-footprint viewer,
which you can deploy on your own machine and you can play with it and you can connect
it to any DICOMweb endpoint to load and visualize images.
We have seen how to use a 3D Slicer to perform a segmentation and create
a mask for a medical imaging volumes and I invite you to try out
and use this mask in one of the exercises that we did in the past to compare it with what
your neural network would produce by using your Dice score computation tools.
We have seen how DCMTK works and we have played with some of
the command-line tools to simulate
application entity titles operating on a clinical network.
In the next section, let's touch upon some of
the aspects of clearing the regulatory clearance bars.
This is something that you need to keep in mind
when bringing your AI models to clinicians.